CIP-0161? | Ouroboros Phalanx - Breaking Grinding Incentives (#1065)
cardano-foundation/CIPs: CPS-0017/README.md

  - Arnaud Bailly <arnaud.bailly@iohk.io>
  - Brian W. Bush <brian.bush@iohk.io>
  - Hans Lahe <hans.lahe@iohk.io>
Proposed Solutions: 
	["CIP-0140 : Ouroboros Peras - Faster Settlement"

> 	,"CIP-???? : Ouroboros Φalanx: Breaking the Economics of Grinding Attacks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	,"CIP-161 : Ouroboros Phalanx : Breaking the Economics of Grinding Attacks"
```
